[DOCS-58] Address feedback on Getting Started guide (#78)
cobalthq/cobalt-product-public-docs: content/en/Getting started/Assets/asset-description.md

## Asset Documentation

> To share more about your assets, you can upload the documentation of your choice. Our app accepts files

Author: ```suggestion
To help our pentesters learn more about your assets, you can upload the documentation of your choice. Our app accepts files
```
